PIM-8664: Simplify application config (#56)
akeneo/michel-tag: README.md

## Configuration

The `config.yml` file is generated by the composer install step from `config.yml.dist`.
You must then edit this `config.yml` file to update Github token and PAPO's API key.

The Github token has special rights that allow to merge PRs even if a branch is frozen.
You can find it in the **Security** section on our
[Google Drive](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wlO1gxEAv_fVVZZrVpyXZoC6_B5JkH1OT5jA2RLjql0/edit?usp=sharing).

The Papo token is the API key present in your [PAPO profile](https://partners.akeneo.com/profile/).

## Release a new patch version

> To release a new patch version, it is as simple as launching Michel Tag commad and follow the instructions on the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To release a new patch version, it is as simple as launching Michel Tag command and following the instructions on the screen.
```
